Video Generation
Create Task

Note 1: Video extension refers to extending the duration of text-to-video/image-to-video results. Each extension can add 4 to 5 seconds, and the model and mode used cannot be selected; they must be the same as the source video.

Note 2: Video extension is currently not supported for videos generated by the V1.5 model.

Note 3: Videos that have been extended can be extended again, but the total video duration cannot exceed 3 minutes.
Protocol	Request URL	Request Method	Request Format	Response Format
https	https://api.klingai.com/v1/videos/video-extend	POST	application/json	application/json
Request Header
Field	Value	Description
Content-Type	application/json	Data Exchange Format
Authorization	Authentication information, refer to API authentication	Authentication information, refer to API authentication
Request Body
Field	Type	Required Field	Default	Description
video_id	string	Required	None	

Video ID

    Supports video IDs generated by the text-to-video, the image-to-video and the video extension interface (it cannot exceed 3 minutes).

Please note that based on the current cleanup policy, videos will be cleared 30 days after generation, and extension will not be possible
prompt	string	Optional	None	Text Prompt
Cannot exceed 2500 characters.
negative_prompt	string	Optional	Null	Negative text prompt
Cannot exceed 2500 characters
cfg_scale	float	Optional	0.5	Flexibility in video generation; The higher the value, the lower the model’s degree of flexibility, and the stronger the relevance to the user’s prompt.
Value range: [0, 1]
callback_url	string	Optional	None	The callback notification address for the task results, if configured, will allow the server to proactively notify when the task status changes.
For specific notification message schema, please refer to the “Callback Protocol.”
Response Body
JSON
Copy
Collapse

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
{
  "code": 0, //Error codes; Specific definitions can be found in Error codes
  "message": "string", //Error information
  "request_id": "string", //Request ID, generated by the system,to track requests and troubleshoot problems
  "data":{
  	"task_id": "string", //Task ID, generated by the system
    "task_status": "string", //Task status, Enum values：submitted、processing、succeed、failed
    "created_at": 1722769557708, //Task creation time, Unix timestamp, unit ms
    "updated_at": 1722769557708 //Task update time, Unix timestamp, unit ms
  }
}
