Video Generation - Lip-Sync
Create Task
Protocol	Request URL	Request Method	Request Format	Response Format
https	/v1/videos/lip-sync	POST	application/json	application/json
Request Header
Field	Value	Description
Content-Type	application/json	Data Exchange Format
Authorization	Authentication information, refer to API authentication	Authentication information, refer to API authentication
Request Body
Field	Type	Required Field	Default	Description
input	object	Required	None	Contains many fields used to specify video, lip-sync content, etc.

input

    video_id

	string	Optional	None	

The ID of the video generated by the Kling AI.

    Used to specify the video and determine whether the video can be used for lip-sync services.
    Either the input video_url parameter or the input video_url parameter, cannot be empty or have a value at the same time.
    Only supports 5-second and 10-second videos generated within the last 30 days; videos longer than 10 seconds are not supported for lip-sync.

input

    video_url

	string	Optional	None	

Get link for uploaded video.

    Used for a specific video and determines whether the video can be used for lip syncing service
    Either the input video_id parameter or the input video_id parameter, cannot be empty or have a value at the same time.
    ● Video files support .mp4/.mov, file size does not exceed 100MB, video length does not exceed 10s and is not shorter than 2s, only 720p and 1080p are supported, length and width dimensions should both be between 720px and 1920px, if the above verification fails, error code and other information will be returned.
    The system will verify the video content and return error codes and other information if there are any problems.

input

    mode

	string	Required	None	

Video Generation Mode

    Enumeration values: text2video，audio2video
        text2video: Text-to-video generation mode; in this mode, the input·text, input·voice_id and input·voice_language parameters are required, Audio-to-video generation mode is invalid.
        audio2video: Audio-to-video generation mode; in this mode, the input·audio_type parameter is required, Text-to-video generation mode is invalid.

input

    text

	string	Optional	None	

Text Content for Lip-Sync Video Generation

    When the input·mode parameter value is set to be text2video, this parameter is required.
    The maximum length of the text content is 120 characters; content that is too long will return an error code and other information.
    The system will validate the text content; if there are issues, it will return an error code and other information.

input

    voice_id

	string	Optional	None	

Voice ID

    When the input·mode parameter is set to be text2video, this parameter is required.
    The system offers a variety of voice options to choose from. Click here to view the specific voice effects, voice IDs, and the corresponding voice languages. Voice previews do not support custom scripts.
    Voice preview file naming convention: Voice Name#Voice ID#Voice Language

input

    voice_language

	string	Optional	zh	

The voice language corresponds to the Voice ID, as detailed above.

    Enum values: zh，en
    When the input·mode parameter is set to be text2video, this parameter is required.
    The voice language corresponds to the Voice ID, as detailed above.

input

    voice_speed

	float	Optional	1.0	

Speech Rate

    Valid range:0.8~2.0, accurate to one decimal place; values outside this range will be automatically rounded.
    When the input·mode parameter value is set to be text2video, this parameter must be mandatory.

input

    audio_type

	string	Optional	None	

Method of Transmitting Audio Files for Lip-Sync Video Generation by Audio File

    Enum values: file，url
        file: Upload file mode; in this case, the input·audio_file parameter is mandatory.
        url: Provide download link mode; in this case, the input·audio_url parameter is mandatory.

    When the input·mode parameter value is set to be audio2video, this parameter must be mandatory.

input

    audio_file

	string	Optional	None	

Local Path of Audio File

    When the input·audio_type parameter value is set to be file, this parameter must be mandatory.
    Supported audio file formats: .mp3/.wav/.m4a/.aac, with a maximum file size of 5MB. Base64 code. Mismatched formats or oversized files will return error codes and other information.
    The system will validate the audio content; if there are issues, it will return error codes and other information.

input

    audio_url

	string	Optional	None	

Audio File Download URL

    When the input·audio_type parameter value is set to be url, this parameter must be mandatory.
    Supported audio file formats: .mp3/.wav/.m4a/.aac, with a maximum file size of 5MB. Mismatched formats or oversized files will return error codes and other information.
    The system will validate the audio content; if there are issues, it will return error codes and other information.

callback_url	string	Optional	None	

he callback notification address for the results of this task. If configured, the server will proactively notify you when the task status changes.

    The specific message schema for notifications can be found in the “Callback Protocol.”

Response Body
JSON
Copy
Collapse

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
{
  "code": 0, //Error codes；Specific definitions can be found in Error codes
  "message": "string", //Error information
  "request_id": "string", //Request ID, generated by the system, is used to track requests and troubleshoot problems
  "data":{
  	"task_id": "string", //Task ID, generated by the system
    "task_status": "string", //Task status, Enum values：submitted、processing、succeed、failed
    "created_at": 1722769557708, //Task creation time, Unix timestamp, unit ms
    "updated_at": 1722769557708 //Task update time, Unix timestamp, unit ms
  }
}

